packages intalled till now -->
ran --> npm init -y ( intiate node js application )
1. npm i express mongoose dotenv
2. npm i bcryptjs jsonwebtoken cookie-parser
3. npm i cors
4. npm install @google/genai
5. npm i zod
6. npm i zod-to-json-schema
7.  npm i multer
8. npm i pdf-parse
9. npm i puppeteer
 

nect the user register ( storing the user in db format ) and authentication , login api's

JSDoc comments--> long term help breif descrption, functions , controllers , util functions etc ( and looks good in code)
IDES like vs code creates documentation from them

The $or operator performs a logical OR operation on an array of one or more expressions, selecting documents that satisfy at least one of the specified conditions.

bcryptjs for hashing 
jsonwebtoken to create the jwt token  for storing in cookie
and cookie-parser for reading and writing(set in cookies) in cookies

creating script -->
"dev": "npx nodemon server.js" 
run using --> npm run dev

jwt secrets --> jwt secrets.com

logout --> not only remove token from cookie but also
balck list the tokenfor now we are doing it with mongo database , but redis is best  , redis throuput in high

Throughput is the measure of the amount of data, work, or goods successfully processed or transmitted by a system within a specific period of time.  It serves as a critical metric for evaluating the real-world performance and efficiency of systems across various domains. 


WE use redis for token black listing in production or a batabase with high Throughput


In JSDoc comments, @access public explicitly marks a symbol as intended for general use and public API exposure.  While JSDoc treats all symbols as public by default, using this tag clarifies developer intent without changing the symbol’s actual scope or visibility. It is functionally equivalent to the @public tag and ensures the member appears in generated documentation unless explicitly hidden by other tags like @private or @ignore.

jwt_token can only be opened by server ( only server know whats in it)
and bcrypt password can only be opened by user ( only user knows whats in it)

to fix cors error we run npm i cors and use cors middleware


AI-features
User - Self descritption , resume( pdf), job descritption
pdf to text conversion
then give all info to ai
report from structure json output
technicalQuestions , behaviouralQuestions , skillGasp , prepPlan
then give this structure to User
( AI -> Gemini Model , pdf reader library)
Save this report for user ( in  database )

Schema -> AI features -> endPoint

Schema done 
Now AI features/ service setup ( endPoint creation to generate report with the help of ai )

how install / add gemini in backend
get api key from google ai studio

selecting a model from gemini / ( not much priced ( for now ) and have needed usecases ) , 
For interview ai -> model must support structured output 
( for now choosing gemini Flash 2.5) 


Have to create function which takes data and gives structured output
Gemini docs -> structured o/p ( follows the JSON Schema provided for structure ) -> to store in db easily

needs zod package
( follow documentation steps for structured output)

creating api which needs resume in pdf format , job description and  selfDescription in text format

multer for manage/reading files of different formats ( pdf images etc )
pdf-parse to read/ text data inside a pdf



pdfParse is not a function
it is an istance 
pdfParse(req.file.buffer)
fix -->
 (new pdfParse.PDFParse(req.file.buffer)).getText()


Feature -
Generate resume pdf 
Usine pupeteer package which enables browser functions access in the the server side environment ( browser have feature to convert html to pdf ) 
docs in - https://pptr.dev/guides/installation
pdf gen doc - https://pptr.dev/guides/pdf-generation
install - npm i puppeteer